Update download-logs.md (#7183)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/pipelines/executions-and-logs/download-logs.md

The extracted files have many levels of nested directories. To locate specific log files, you might need to navigate through several levels.
:::

> ## Limitations
> 
> * You may encounter the error message `Prefix Key Exceeds Maximum Download Limit` if your execution exceeds the number of log files.
>    * Log files are stored in chunks for optimization purposes.
>    * There is a hard limit of 2000 log files per execution. Please contact our support team if this limitation causes issues for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Important notes

* You might encounter the error message `Prefix Key Exceeds Maximum Download Limit` if your execution exceeds the maximum number of log files.
   * Log files are stored in chunks for optimization purposes.
   * There is a hard limit of 2000 log files per execution. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) if this limitation causes issues for you.
```
